Update docs with the new Job annotation (#41857)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

The Job controller in the kube-controller-manager sets this annotation for Pods
created with Indexed [completion mode](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#completion-mode).

### batch.kubernetes.io/cronjob-scheduled-timestamp

Type: Annotation

Example: `batch.kubernetes.io/cronjob-scheduled-timestamp: "2016-05-19T03:00:00-07:00"`

> Used on: Jobs and Pods controlled by Jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used on: Jobs and Pods controlled by CronJobs
```

> This annotation is used to record the original/expected creation timestamp for the running job. It is represented in RFC3339.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation is used to record the original (expected) creation timestamp for a Job,
when that Job is part of a CronJob.
The control plane sets the value to that timestamp in RFC3339 format.
```

Ideally, mention that the time zone comes from the CronJob when set.

The Job controller in the kube-controller-manager sets this annotation for Pods
created with Indexed [completion mode](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#completion-mode).

### batch.kubernetes.io/cronjob-scheduled-timestamp

Type: Annotation

Example: `batch.kubernetes.io/cronjob-scheduled-timestamp: "2016-05-19T03:00:00-07:00"`

Used on: Jobs and Pods controlled by CronJobs

This annotation is used to record the original (expected) creation timestamp for a Job,
when that Job is part of a CronJob.

> The control plane sets the value to that timestamp in RFC3339 format.

Reviewer 2: I'd add a note about TimeZone, and how this affects this information.

Author: Addressed.

The Job controller in the kube-controller-manager sets this annotation for Pods
created with Indexed [completion mode](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#completion-mode).

> ### batch.kubernetes.io/cronjob-scheduled-timestamp

Reviewer: As this is behind `CronJobsScheduledAnnotation`, which will be beta:
```suggestion
### batch.kubernetes.io/cronjob-scheduled-timestamp (beta) {#batch-kubernetes-io-cronjob-scheduled-timestamp}
```

Type: Annotation

Example: `batch.kubernetes.io/cronjob-scheduled-timestamp: "2016-05-19T03:00:00-07:00"`

Used on: Jobs and Pods controlled by CronJobs

This annotation is used to record the original (expected) creation timestamp for a Job,
when that Job is part of a CronJob.
The control plane sets the value to that timestamp in RFC3339 format. The timezone for 

> that timestamp is either the explicit timezone in the cronjob or the controller-manager's local time.

Reviewer 2: We could, but I wouldn't want that, if you don't specify a TZ explicitly we will use kcm one.

> that timestamp is either the explicit timezone in the cronjob or the controller-manager's local time.

Reviewer 2: We can re-consider that before GA.

> that timestamp is either the explicit timezone in the cronjob or the controller-manager's local time.

Author: Updated according to both feedback.

> with a timezone specified, then the timestamp is in that timezone. Otherwise, the timestamp is in controller-manager's local time.

Reviewer: nit: this text doesn't make it completely clear what happens if you have multiple replicas of k-c-m and, perhaps by accident, they have different local timezones.

Author: We may target this in the GA, @soltysh  wdyt?

Reviewer: We can _document_ the behavior even for beta. However, leaving the detail out doesn't block a release at beta quality.

Reviewer 2: So based on the already merged implementation we will fallback to UTC, because if the value isn't set we use empty timezone, which so happens resolves to UTC, see https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/ddb201336382808b756a140b7cf2039c6de6f846/pkg/controller/cronjob/utils.go#L219-L227 So I'm fine with Tim's proposal to make it explicit, which is definitely better than my initial approach for leaving it for later.

Reviewer: That sounds ideal all round.

Reviewer 2: @helayoty this needs update and it's good to go
```suggestion
with a timezone specified, then the timestamp is in that timezone. Otherwise, the timestamp is in UTC.
```

The Job controller in the kube-controller-manager sets this as a label and annotation for Pods
created with Indexed [completion mode](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#completion-mode).

### batch.kubernetes.io/cronjob-scheduled-timestamp

Type: Annotation

Example: `batch.kubernetes.io/cronjob-scheduled-timestamp: "2016-05-19T03:00:00-07:00"`

Used on: Jobs and Pods controlled by CronJobs

This annotation is used to record the original (expected) creation timestamp for a Job,
when that Job is part of a CronJob.
The control plane sets the value to that timestamp in RFC3339 format. If the Job belongs to a CronJob
with a timezone specified, then the timestamp is in that timezone. Otherwise, the timestamp is in controller-manager's local time.

Note the [PodIndexLabel](content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md) feature gate must be enabled

> for this to be added as a pod **label**, otherwise it will just be an annotation.

Reviewer: Is this true of ` batch.kubernetes.io/cronjob-scheduled-timestamp`? I think this text needs to move.

Author: This is not related to the `batch.kubernetes.io/cronjob-scheduled-timestamp` annotation, but the  'kubectl.kubernetes.io/default-logs-container (deprecated)' one.

Reviewer: Have a look at https://deploy-preview-41857--kubernetes-io-vnext-staging.netlify.app/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/#batch-kubernetes-io-cronjob-scheduled-timestamp

The last paragraph belongs to https://deploy-preview-41857--kubernetes-io-vnext-staging.netlify.app/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/#batch-kubernetes-io-job-completion-index - and you should move these 2 lines to achieve that.

Author: Got it. Done.
